Install CCF on AzureVM (#4502)
microsoft/CCF: doc/build_apps/install_bin.rst

-----------

To build and install CCF from source, please see :doc:`/contribute/build_ccf`.

In Azure
--------

> You can install CCF on an Azure Virtual Machine by editing the ``install_ccf_on_azure_vm.sh`` and defining your own DNS name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CCF can be installed on an Azure Virtual Machine by setting the resource group, VM and DNS names in the :ccf_repo:`getting_started/azure_vm/install_ccf_on_azure_vm.sh` script and running it.
```

FYI, the we use `ccf_repo` directive to link to the main repository so that links are versioned with the documentation.
